GettingToKnowSEO-Andre_Kibbe
Цел:
Getting To Know SEO. The world has to know about me and my work!



Introduction 6 - around 3000 words 
Questions:
Why Learn SEO? - 6
Which are the Benefits of SEO? - 7
How This Book Is Organized? - 12
Test 1: 4 mins.
Answers: 
I can earn money with SEO.
Test 2: 6 mins.
Answers: 
Main search engines are Google and Bing.
Yahoo uses BING search engine - (26.1%).
Google (65.6%).
SEO focus on focus Facebook, Twitter and Google+.
Search, Social and PPC (pay per click) traffic.
I can earn money with SEO.
Test 3: 8 mins.
Answers: 
PPC costs $0,25 per click
A short explanation of the book's heads/titles.


1 Content + Links = SEO 15 - 8 pages - around 3400 words.
second 5 mins
all would agree that the two most import aspects of search
engine optimization are content and links: “on-page” and “off-page”
factors.h
Questions:
What’s in a Page? 15
trhird 2 mins:
The pages have "page rank".????
How can I write a Good Content? 16
What are the Keywords and Tags: The Elements of On-Page SEO? 17
first 5 mins
Title tags
Meta descriptions
Headers - Using titles and p tags.
Alt text - alt flags on each image.

Links: The Elements on Off-Page SEO 18
Which are the Keys to an SEO-Friendly Site? 19
Answers:
Simple reading time - 28 mins (Имах известни проблеми с разбирането на понятието page rank):
Search engines lists a single pages, not the whole sites.
Google search result is only for a specific URL (individual web page), not for the whole s.
Page Rank should leads Google to the main page as a highest rank /Explanation in Chapter 5/.
The only way they can determine whether a page is relevant to a particular topic is to scan for keywords.
Links from other websites are called backlinks.
Links from three different websites will have more weight than three links from the same website. 
Links from pages with higher PageRank will have more weight than links from pages with lower PageRank.
The main activity should exist in the domain.
Each single page should have a page title.
Any links in Social media sites are backlinks, which should set up higher level of your site.
It's good internal links to be a whole sentences.


2 The Importance of Keywords 22
Keywords 22
Keys to Leveraging Keywords 25
Resume:
Shorter keywords are called “head” or “primary” keywords.
Longer keywords are known as “long tail” keywords.
In most cases you’ll at least want to start your SEO campaigns with long tail keywords.
Single words are more often searched, but the sentences sell!
Virtually all successful SEO comes down to an ongoing cycle of publishing content and building links.
Прегледай 5-6 сайта за ключови думи. Make a brain storming for keywords. Include your tools (calculator, clock, helper...).


3 Keyword Research Basics 28
How The Google AdWords Keyword Tool works? - 28
Which are the Core Principles of Keyword Research? - 36
4 mins - nothing
There are tremendous differences between the different searched phrases, independently that they are synonyms.
You can find the Google AdWords Keyword Tool (usually just called the Google Keyword Tool) at http://adwords.google.com. Under the Tools and Analysis tab, select Keyword Tool.
The synonyms into the phrases could make huge differences, even locally.
Local search queries are with advantage.
It’s often easier to find six long tail keywords that each get approximately 600 searches a month than one highly competitive keyword that gets 3,600 searches.
Page 32 - tool settings!!!
Any time someone enters a search containing the words “hybrid” and “cars” (or “car”) into Google, that search gets tallied as a match for “hybrid cars”.
Cost per click (CPC) - Search Volume x CPC x .005
The results from the keyword tools depends on the place and time of using the tool.
Pages 36, 37 - main review of the Google keyword tool.
There are: 
	navigational - mainly single words, which leads to larger sites;
	transactional - shorten exact longtail keywords - gets the main benefit;
	informational - larger explanation longtail keywords, the user mainly needs some help
keywords. // 37 page










4 On-Page Optimization 39

5 Understanding Backlinks 52

6 Getting Links 61

7 Understanding Competition 71

8 Sharpening the Saw 94

About The Author 98

Въпроси:



WHAT ARE:






HTML for On-Page Factors 40
Meta Tags 41
Header Tags 46
Bold and Italic Tags 46
Image Tags 47
The Domain Name 48
Jump Starting Your On-Page Optimization 49

Link Nets 52
The HTML Structure of Links 52
Why Backlinks Matter 53
PageRank 54
Anchor Text Variation 56
Natural vs. Manufactured Links 57
Key Points on Internal Links and Backlinks 58

Base Links 61
Beginning to Build Links 62
Guest Posting Networks 65
Key Points on Getting Backlinks 68
Accounting for Competition 69

Narrowing Your Niche 71
Finding Long Tail Keywords 72
Analyzing Keyword Competition 74
Whole-Page PageRank Assessment 75
The Pure PageRank Method 79
Getting More Keywords 82
Getting a Handle on Competition 90

Dealing with Setbacks 94
Regular Reading 95
// end of WHAT ARE
Ключови думи:

Отговори:

Резюме:
